Live from the Nerdmelt Theater in beautiful Hollywood, California,
Harmontown is now in session!
And now, let's welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, also my man, Dan Harmon!
Thank you, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry about everything.
Well you were here, I mean we were all, we all thought everything was fine.
I am out of practice at being quite so clickable, clickably delicious.
I'm fine with it, I don't know if anyone was bothering to feel sorry for me, but I'm getting really used to this.
I have a publicist now whose job is to keep, make me less famous.
He's a really cool guy, I don't imagine he'd ever come on the show and answer questions about what it means to be Dan Harmon's publicist.
I think that would be a really interesting interview.
Can you talk about your Hollywood Reporter photo shoot?
No, I can't because it's technically a joke about, oh, that involves the concept that, I can't.
Sorry, I've already screwed up, I gotta write a letter.
Comptroller Erin McGathy, let us know what it is.
Well let's just, I mean I think I can beat around that word and not be quotable.
Obviously as my publicist, this guy is a little, he's got his hands full sometimes.
And they came to do a photo shoot of me for this article that Dan's happy and he's humble and he's back and he's happy to be back at work.
And he was like, yeah, just smile a lot.
Don't let him get any pictures of you frowning or doing anything other than just smiling a lot.
There's no sets at Paramount that are up, their construction hasn't begun,
but there is one facade that's like, if you're a huge fan of community you might know what I'm talking about when I say Borchard Hall.
It's a cross on the Paramount lot from where the library steps usually are,
but the library steps aren't there and so this is the only thing.
It's got the Greendale insignia on the door and it says Borchard Hall at the top and the photographer tells me,
yeah, just go through the door and then you're coming in so you just kind of open the door a little bit and stick your head through.
Long story short, very creepy photo.
Daddy's home and he's been drinking and publicist's face just purple.
Yeah, but I brought him on for a while in season.
I don't know, was it two or three or something like that because I actually felt like,
well, if people want to do interviews with me and stuff that can help get ratings for the show,
like it's a form of promotion if I bring him on out of pocket and stuff.
So originally his job was to help me be famous.
I think that's generally what a publicist's job was.
They probably say it's more nuanced than that,
but also just get me Comic-Con badges or something.
He's just a handy guy to have around and then I let him go after a while because I was like,
okay, no one's ever going to watch the show no matter what.
And also I got fired and blah, blah, blah.
I was like, take some time off.
Cool your jets.
And I brought him back on to actually just help me.
God, save me from myself.
Anyways.
Yeah, so it is a funny thing.
This new phenomenon, it's called context.
It's a weird, weird thing.
I've said many times, this is my therapy.
I have enough voices bouncing around in my head to deal with.
I don't want my own in there too.
And when I say the stuff that's in my head into a microphone and people laugh or even just sit there and don't stab me,
it's done, it's finished, it's dealt with.
Go on.
And so every once in a while, from this crucible, this 60 episode run of this online diary that I'm keeping called Armatown,
this little magma drop of harmonious like flies out and lands in the shire and just bursts everything into play.
And you realize, oh, God, guess what, everybody that was hurt or anything like that,
I guarantee you that when I want to speak to you in the form of a headline in Variety,
I'll say much, much nicer things than I do to my bathroom mirror or here or stuff like that.
I'm not excusing anything.
I just wanted to make that clear.
Why do these things happen?
Language is important to me too.
I'm a writer, definitely.
But I improvise when I'm up here.
And I've said some really horrible things.
Anybody who wants to really, really hate me, just go through.
I don't know what will happen to you.
I've never listened to all of it either, but it's there.
I am here for you.
I am on Twitter.
I blog my apologies when I do things wrong.
I do the Reddit AMAs.
I like being in touch with people.
I think the big takeaway from this latest debacle for me emotionally was,
I got to somehow figure out at the age of 40 how to stop caring so much.
What about people's opinion of me?
Because I think that the reason I do what I do,
I know that the reason I do what I do is to make people like me.
And I'm very comfortable with the idea that what you're supposed to like is the thing that I make.
There's nothing inappropriate or wrong way rubbing about an episode of my NBC sitcom.
And there's nothing dishonest about it either.
It is an actual genuine Valentine to humanity that I have time to prepare and polish
and put on my little bow tie and show up to your door with flowers and candy.
That's me at my best for you in that context so that you will go,
oh, I feel happy right now. Who made me happy? Oh, it says created by so-and-so.
Oh, he must be a good person.
And I guess I've got to cop to the fact that I never will be.
I guess because under, you know, or nobody's a good person.
Steve Levitan doesn't have a show where he just babbles into a microphone with a cup of vodka.
And that is why he is a better person than me and will die richer and have higher ratings
and be more successful. God, he's so handsome too.
Have you ever seen a photo of Google Steve Levitan? It's obnoxious.
He's so good-looking.
So anyways, I happened just by pure circumstance and I thought, you know,
just as Spencer showing up and saying, I want to be a Dungeon Master,
like, Harmontown kind of runs on coincidences and mysticism and shamanic events.
I was at a bar. That is not an unusual event.
That's just statistics. I was at a bar and ran into friends of our producer, Dusty Samples,
Dustin Marshall, and these two adorable little kids.
They're from this band called Mars Argo.
And they just recently, I mean, they're, you know, they're great.
I assume I have a horrible taste of music, but they just recently did this thing
where they did a song, I think it was called Don't Call Me.
Is that the name of the song?
It's based on a sample of the iPhone ringtone Marimba that we all know.
Like, when you hear the song for the first eight seconds, you're checking your pockets
and it's like a baby crying on an airplane for that eight seconds.
And it's a song about a guy that won't stop calling and it fits.
And after a while, you stop hearing that and just hear like a really nice song.
It doesn't matter if it's a good song or a bad song.
The interesting thing is that because it uses that iPhone sample,
all of a sudden, much as sometimes a Harmontown droplet lands in the headlines of Variety
and all of a sudden I'm being compared to Charlie Sheen by Society,
I'm a writer.
Okay.
These guys, because of this iPhone hook, you know, it's now it's a, you know,
all of a sudden it's just a thing.
It's got to, I guess, I'll be an old fogey and say it went viral.
It was like in the technology section of this thing and the Apple lovers section of this thing
and the what's going on section of this and that.
Kind of like it was a virality happened and as a result,
they suddenly found themselves as very emotional, wonderful, passionate musicians
and something that's become increasingly familiar to me,
which is being under this microscope of this giant blob
called people who don't normally give a fuck about you.
And let's continue the conversation with them on stage.
Please welcome Titanic Sinclair and Mars Argo of Mars Argo.
I'm kind of short.
That's good. That's good these days.
I wore shorts too.
Short is the new tall.
Cute matching hats, guys.
It was unplanned.
We're all dinkies.
So describe the reason I called you guys.
I asked you guys if you would come here is because I ran into Titanic.
It's a stage name.
Because of the death threats.
And Mars was not there and you were looking kind of,
you were chill, I won't say sullen.
You were, your emo had an extra genuine emo to it.
Something there.
And immediately in a short conversation it turned out that Mars was at home
unable to really go out because of the response and the comment sections
under these videos that are being posted, right?
I'm also actually sick.
But yeah, I think maybe the whole thing kind of threw me over a little bit.
It probably lowered your immune system.
Possibly, yeah.
My cat's living with a dog now.
I think she's going to, she has FIB.
I'm worried that she's going to die at any moment because I think that T-cells,
I think they're linked to your emotional health.
The dancing that he thinks you're going to die at any moment.
Maybe.
I don't know where to start.
By the way, I'm a horrible interviewer to deal with it.
Do you have in your head an example of a comment that really got you,
that made you unable to leave your home?
What an ugly singer.
What an ugly voice.
Which is almost worse than what an ugly singer.
I guarantee you we've been threatened with dying of fire more than anyone else.
Yeah.
Or if you burn in a fire, I hope you.
We have a YouTube channel.
It's called Grocery Bag That TV if anyone's interested.
And it's like, we poke fun at social commentary and stuff.
And so people consistently tell us to die in a fire.
So I'm used to that.
But this kind of spiraled out of control.
I knew we were getting ourselves into trouble by using the iPhone song to begin with.
But I had no idea it was going to be so intense.
You thought it would be critical trouble.
You were used to a certain context, like I am here.
You knew that something you did, as most artists are required to do,
was going to be hit or miss and have some polarizing effect.
But you were, I think, not to put words in your mouth, but the effect of all of a sudden this whole new audience
called just people who don't, they're just reacting to something random.
They just see a headline that has nothing to do with, that was the big trouble that I got into.
Because I came out here and I reacted to the boohoo for me,
such a sensation of watching a season of the show that I hadn't watched the entire time.
It was without me.
And I just kind of came out here and was like,
just without thinking about any kind of context or who was listening,
except for these 150 people and anyone that listens to a podcast about me,
and therefore why would someone that hated me and didn't care what I had to say?
Blah, blah, blah.
I just kind of didn't think and just spoke.
But then immediately, and it's like, why wouldn't I, this headline just goes like,
Dan Harmon says this has a headline.
It's like, no, that was not a headline.
That wasn't a press conference.
And now the horrible thing is you have people who, even if they are horrible people,
they're not even really to blame for the fact that,
if you're surfing through the internet and a thing says under sports and weather,
it says, band makes song out of a ringtone.
And then they click on it and then they watch the thing.
And it's like, I don't know what makes them go as far.
I've never done that before.
I have never left a comment that I thought would make someone want to kill themselves.
I have to assume, as a student of human character,
I have to assume that the reason people do that is because they don't believe it's possible.
It's like shooting a slingshot at the moon.
They're just going like, hey, why don't you kill yourself?
You stupid, ugly person with a horrible voice.
This is a terrible song.
Your band sucks, blah, blah, blah.
They're just thinking like, well, don't never listen to old Toby Simmons.
But the irony is that you guys are Toby Simmons.
It's just a band from Detroit that is out in Hollywood.
And everyone is Toby Simmons.
We are now all in contact with each other.
What band was that that got in that airplane accident?
One of them was rolling out of the plane on fire with a Blink-182 gun.
So of course, because it's Blink-182, it's okay for them to burn to death.
People are just leaving comments.
I forgot people are now going to publish transcripts of my podcast.
Do you please put some brackets in there that I was being ironic?
And put brackets behind everything that says I'm a human fucking being.
Don't publish transcripts of podcasts.
It's all free. It's all online.
Anyways, he said winkingly,
it's okay for Blink-182 to be on fire, right?
Because they don't deserve anything that they have and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And the people are saying, you're saying they're threatening you.
They're saying, die by fire. You're actually used to that.
Bands die in fires a lot. It happens.
That's an issue.
More bands than lion tamers.
Lion tamers get sometimes bit by lions.
That would be rude to leave under Siegfried and Roy's YouTube channel.
Like, I hope you get bit by a lion.
Mean.
So, talk about being at home that night.
I was at the drying room.
What did you physically do?
Actually, I don't know.
Do you sit there and troll through all the comments?
It's weird because it started on Reddit.
A lot of our stuff gets posted on Reddit.
I use Reddit like crazy.
It's usually pretty friendly, but I could tell right off the bat from the first couple of comments.
It wasn't going to be good.
I don't know.
I read a couple and the general consensus was, this is annoying.
Her voice is annoying.
You get to a point where it's like every single comment and then the views start going up.
Then you're just like, I'm just going to stop reading these now.
Yeah, but no, I keep reading them.
Did you get to the point, I don't know if you're able to answer this question.
Have you gotten to the point where you wish the song didn't exist?
Do you wish that you hadn't created something?
When we tracked that, we had two engineers that bailed on us right when we were tracking it.
What do you mean by that?
When we were actually shooting the thing, we were doing this on a shoestring and two engineers that agreed to do it
didn't show up on the day of the shoot and then we had issues with camera stuff and everything.
I knew before I released it that it wasn't my favorite thing or it wasn't the best vocal take
maybe it wasn't the best mix or whatever, but at the same time I'm like whatever.
But your job as an artist is to put it out there.
Take off the top of your head, hold a piece of paper to get as accurate a print of who you are
during your limited time on this planet and get it out there.
So I did, I was uncomfortable but I was just like alright, there you go.
And then it was just like a bunch of old men talking shit to me basically.
People always say there's no such thing as bad press but I don't think that,
I don't think the people who say that have ever got an email but no subject and the body of the email is just kill yourself.
I need that.
I have several, several of these.
That's so terrible.
How did you guys process that as a couple?
I feel it now, I drank it, I got really sick and I'm still sick.
I'm sure I was sick anyway, but whatever.
But you say yourself, because this is something that's been happening to me over the last two days,
and again I'm used to it, I know that it takes a week for my horrible clumsy footprints to get snowed over
and I can safely go maybe take a peek into Tumblr without seeing a photo of me looking like I just sexually assaulted a woman.
The hand picked from God knows where, someone who's become ironically my biggest fan in order to find that picture.
The weird thing is, because I don't know what's healthy and unhealthy, you love being on Reddit,
you go through it and you're not just Reddit looking for your own name and looking at your own subreddit and things,
but now you're on Reddit and all of a sudden this thing that's a big part of your life is like, I would assume,
or are you ghoulishly, self-loathingly scouring that stuff?
There's a certain amount of ego that when tens of thousands of people are looking at something that you made,
it feels good even if people are shitting on it, but it just makes you question humanity.
Who takes the time to, even though it's so easy to click on the YouTube comment and leave something shitty,
but who actually puts that energy into it, although I guess thinking about it now,
I was telling you I was translating Russian, because someone leaves a comment on your video and it's in Russian
and you're like, I know this is going to be bad, but I'm still going to Google translate it.
I guess it was something along the lines of you fucking suck.
In Russia, bad band kills you.
Well, that's another weird thing, when you are scrolling through things,
it's the weirdest thing.
People, I will skim through people being supportive, people being kind,
saying a nice thing, and this is under normal circumstances.
When I say something scandalous, I can't really go near it,
and maybe that's the healthiest thing of the habit that I've picked up,
but in olden times, when I was just a regular nobody that was excited about maybe someone talking about me once in a while,
anything that I was involved in that I would scroll through and I was like,
this is great phrases. I'm part of the problem too.
I have to be honest about that.
Even though that's a thing that's only happening in my secret part of my brain,
I'm not taking any action about that, but when people tweet me and try to be obnoxious
and say something mean to me to get my attention,
and then I say, hey, why don't you go fuck yourself? You're a poop face. You're dumb, and you're wrong, and you're an idiot,
and you're my mate of rubber, and your mom's an idiot.
And then they go, ooh, got a rise out of you, and you're like, yeah, you did.
Fuck, you still eat poop.
Take your rise out of me and the poop that you eat, and see what a dad's up to.
I don't know. And they're like, look, man, just kidding, I'm just a big fan.
I just knew that if I kissed your ass, it wouldn't be, you know, like, that's not how it's like.
Some people say that, or other people will go like, look, I'm sorry, I'm just not another sycophantic fan person.
I really want those people to die in a fire.
I don't really. For the transcript, I'm just trying to put the laughs in the transcript.
It's a transcript of a live show with an audience. Put the laughs in.
That's important.
It's like reading Eminem lyrics on CNN, you know?
It's always going to sound bad, man.
I am not an appealing man.
Shit, shit, shit. I lost my train of thought.
You guys don't want me to regain my train of thought because I was on some stupid tangent that was taking forever.
You were talking about looking for the negative.
Yes, come, Charlene, yes.
Yes, when I was doing stand-up before I quit, if there was one person standing in the back of the room going like this,
like, I can't keep my eye off of them.
I don't know, when you guys do live gigs, do you pay attention to how people are reacting to you in the back of the room?
I used to. I just look at my guitar now.
We've only played three shows here in LA, but it's been super positive for the most part.
When we were in the Midwest, people fucking hated us.
People just walk out on us, but we're like, everyone has beers and wearing flannel shirts,
and we have angel wings and leopard print and sparkles, so that makes sense.
For the most part, it's been super positive, and then that was kind of the weird thing,
is this video was kind of showcasing my new band.
We're all fired up.
Yeah, check this out, man.
We're really happy about it, and then we put it online where, like, slam, you know?
The cool thing is that people had such a big reaction to it.
It didn't disappear.
It's so strange, like, never previously in, like, humanity has a person or a poor little girl.
Like, had to deal...
I'm not on my own. I'm not that poor.
No one's ever had to deal with that amount of, like, these little, like, I think Duncan
Trussell calls them moments of novelty, like, these tiny little...
And, like, when they're just, like, constantly coming at you, and it's like, you cannot...
I don't care who you are, you cannot stop yourself when your phone's buzzing like crazy.
You cannot stop yourself from reading it.
You just can't.
I mean, I have been able to now...
I just don't go to...
I do it, but that's because I have done this five times now, at least.
Like, I just...
It's always...
My 40 years in counting now, just, like, like, God telling me to say stuff.
Everyone telling me to shut up.
Me saying, but God said it, and then absolutely regretting saying that.
I'm just trying to say how I feel, because if I don't say anything, like, I'm no good
to anybody, and whether it's typing things or saying things.
But, like, I've been...
Yeah, anyways, that's a dumb tangent, but I did want to say to you guys because, I mean,
you're virtual strangers to me, and I just thought the story was so interesting because
it kind of, like, it was just a similar thing was happening to me, and it's, like, around
the theme of this phenomenon, which is...
I don't...
There's no heroes or villains in the story.
It's just...
It's like the weather changing.
It's like global warming.
This is a thing that's happening now.
We are all connected to each other, and thank God there's no FCC, like, channeling the whole
thing through one little tiny thing, because then we'd all just be watching 75-year-old
David Hasselhoff read bedtime stories on the Internet.
And he'd still be in a scandal once in a while, but he'd be trained to handle it or whatever.
But, like, thank God the gates are open, and we're all rushing together in this big throng.
But just as...
Like, when you go to a crowded, like, music hall and see a band that has a high tempo,
there's always some dick in the audience that starts elbowing, and, you know, like, I...
The anonymity and the frustration of not having control over your own life makes tiny parts
of tiny individuals do these things that, when added all up, create this dandruff that
can choke you and make you feel ugly about everything.
But, first of all, there's not a single...
I truly don't believe that there's a single whole individual out there that actually is
that ugly.
I think that...
I think we just use the Internet as a weird, eyes-wide shut toilet, like, because we can't...
Like, because it's this syndrome.
It's because the more highly visible you are.
And by the way, we're supposed to...
We're telling high school kids it gets better.
Like, are you supposed to tell that to Rebecca Black?
Like, that it gets better?
You're going to have 45-year-old men telling you you're a shitty singer?
It gets better?
Yeah.
She knows it doesn't get better.
Hopefully, it does get better.
But, like, man, I'm all over the place.
You learned how to handle it better.
You know I didn't.
No, I didn't.
I know, I know.
But, what I wanted to say to you guys is I clicked on your thing.
I watched the video.
I'm like, oh, cool song.
Sounds like my phone's ringing for a second.
Awesome idea.
Like, and then reading the comments, it's like, they were all so pointless to me because I'm
absolutely outside the situation.
There's nothing personal about it for me.
Like, I scoured because I wanted to talk to you guys about what's the worst one.
Like, I can see, I can see that if someone's saying like, stupid idea, bad music, singers,
ugly, voice and face, turn your hat around, stop singing forever and cut yourself in your
face and it'll look better because your face is worse than a cut face.
Like, to you, it's like, I can say that and they can laugh because they know it's a joke
and I know it's a joke to those, like, those concepts.
You're seeing it from some anonymous stranger and the only difference is you're projecting
onto it like, oh, shit, like, what if they really mean that?
It's like, they just, they're just in a sad part of their life.
Like, just having some weird moment of weakness and they don't, none of it's true.
None of it means anything.
They're literally trying to make you feel exactly how you feel.
There's almost an uplifting thing about that.
It's still possible for us to touch each other.
We're just doing it, we're using glory holes to put, we're putting spears through them.
It's a misuse of the technology.
It's clear what we should be doing and how we could all benefit.
There's multiple levels though of how fucked up it is though because like, I mean, once
you've read literally thousands and thousands of people telling you to kill yourself, now
every time you read one, it's like, okay, yeah, whatever.
But then sometimes you click the user and see, you actually see the person and now
YouTube shows a photo a lot of times.
But that's the part that kind of upsets me because then I see the person and I'm like,
whoa, that is a human being and they in their free time are shitting on something that
I'm doing for fun with my friends.
But you know the great thing about that is you can further click on them and see the
comments they're leaving and you can see the mental state that they're in.
So we picked a couple of them out and we're just like, wow, they're doing, at least it's
not just me, but I don't know.
You showed me because I was upset.
I mean, it's like any type of creative profession, like as you know, the last thing you need
is someone saying stop because everyone along the way in our lives has said fucking stop.
Yeah, everything in your head says stop.
Exactly.
You don't need another reason to be more critical of yourself.
Well, you guys do me a huge, huge favor and all of society a huge favor and use the emotional
experience of being told to stop by people that don't really mean stop to create more
songs about how it feels to be told to stop or something.
Because if enough of us start doing that, if enough of us make humanity boring enough
to other people, like maybe with the parts of us that hate ourselves, I think that a
lot of us have to get up in the morning and go to bed at night never having told the truth.
And I think that a lot of times it's not their fault either.
And I think that you guys and me, we're in the unique position to be able to, you know,
we can tell the truth about how we feel and just say weird shit and let the chips fall
where they may.
And we kind of have to keep doing it so otherwise like if we stop, then 9-Eleven happens again.
And you can quote me on that.
Vulture.com.
Do you guys have anything to promote or anything?
You want anyone to know about anything you're doing?
You're just plucking your little guitars and singing your hearts out.
Yeah.
You can check out our YouTube channel.
I think it's pretty cool.
You can go to grocerybag.tv.
Maybe YouTube channel.
We do these things called computer shows.
Yeah.
And soundgrocerbag.tv.
All right.
Awesome.
Mars Argo.
Thank you for coming by.
Thank you.
Thank you for having us.
It's a good song.
I like the refrain.
I like her voice.
You know, you were not born yet, but in the 90s, I was a, as you have discovered, I was
a big fan of the female kind of very emotional, passionate Tonya Donnelly's.
I like when you touch your chest as if to mind breath.
I am miming passion coming out.
I'm not miming boobs.
I'm a big fan of Tonya Donnelly throwing muses and toriemas.
I'm just cupping my breasts.
I like pain.
I like...
You like feminine pain?
Oh, God.
Yes.
No, no, no.
Good one.
Nice.
Don't worry.
I'll write a letter apologizing for you.
It's pretty hard for a guy to have my number vocally in a song I find.
Yeah.
I like being upstairs, working on something, and hearing the cranberries echo throughout
the house, and come down and see you in a bubble bath.
It's nice.
You are very sensitive.
You're not very macho at all.
It's nice.
It's like having a sister.
To that, it is funny to think about our gender roles in our relationship.
Our gender roles?
Our gender roles.
Oh, gender roles.
Our roles.
I'm kind of the handyman.
Well, I took off that door that one time while you sat at the bar and told me I couldn't.
Because it was as you said, a two-man job.
So I guess I'm sometimes pretty manly.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm as manly as two men by your definition.
I did a two-man job.
I was really impressed by that.
Also really impressed by the doggie gate that you put at the top of the stairs.
Thank you.
Yeah.
It was a big sheet of instructions that came with that.
Did you look at them?
Yeah, of course not.
I followed them.
Yeah, that's so nice.
You know, first I issued a press release about how the company that made the doggie gate was a bunch of blood-sucking rich assholes.
But then one of them emailed me and said his feelings were hurt, so I installed the doggie gate.
I eventually do what I'm supposed to do, and humanity benefits.
I like that.
I like that you read the directions.
I had a couple handymen over to the house when you haven't been there.
To set up different things around the house, and they all...
There have been like three of them.
There was Chad, Brock, and Nick.
Well, all those...
Joel.
Joel? Why Joel?
Oh, Joel McHale?
That's interesting.
I think that guy just has a similar fantasy of just calling out.
He's just like, make this perfect for me.
Make it my high school math teacher.
Don't stop.
Don't stop just short of what I wrote.
These are TaskRabbit.
Does anyone use TaskRabbit or know what TaskRabbit is?
Yes.
TaskRabbit is the grub hub of indentured servitude.
Well, and I've had some guys come over and help me put together furniture and stuff,
and each and every one of them has made a show out of like,
these directions, no good.
And throwing them to the side.
I'm like, all right, well...
I mean, I agree.
They're very confusing, but those guys are above them.
I'm below them.
I'm like, these directions be no good.
Well, you know, John the handyman, I asked him if he could take your gate off that you installed,
and he was working on it for like a half hour.
He's like, I don't know how he did it, but I cannot get it off.
He said, well, he's the one that's a community fan, right?
He was probably like, did Dan Harmon install this gate?
I'm sorry, I can't.
There's something about it.
I just like the way it feels.
It has more heart.
Oh my God.
Dan, do you know what time it is?
It's...
8.52.
It's game corner time.
Can we get Kumail Nashiani on the stage?
Kumail.
Kumail Hills from beautiful Pakistan, where...
Kumail call.
What did you just say?
Kumail call?
I like that.
I've never heard that.
I've heard you've got Kumail, which...
That's better.
It's pretty great.
Have you ever heard you had me at Kumail?
That doesn't make any sense.
No.
No, go ahead, make my Kumail.
I haven't heard that.
You're going off the Kumail.
Get off my Kumail plane?
Nope.
Get off my Kumail plane.
We're going to need a bigger Kumail boat?
Yeah, that I have heard.
Weird.
I was in a weird job situation.
When you're sick, do you have a Kumailant?
A Kumail?
Welcome to the game!
I want to say a couple things, but should we do the game first?
No, you can say a couple things.
Do you mind if I put some music underneath it?
No, I shouldn't.
Go ahead.
I wanted to read this because, first of all, can I say something, Dan?
You're talking about Steve Levitan being handsome.
He's a very handsome man.
You look fucking great these days.
Thanks, buddy.
It looks like a fun top gun vibe to it.
I finally learned after 40 years that I need to never just wear a t-shirt because my posture is so bad.
I have this weird...
I'm like a circus bear.
Especially viewed in profile.
I really need to...
But go on.
But no.
You look great.
You're Peter Jackson-ing right now.
That's a good thing.
I mean, you know, because he...
He shot in New Zealand.
Yeah, and now he wears shoes and everything.
It was a long time where he wasn't wearing shoes.
I told you this.
I think I told the story on this show when I went to Comic-Con and the workaholics guys, very funny guys,
I was talking to them for a while and then people were gathered around us and they walked away after a while.
You know, it's like conversations kind of ebb and flow.
They left the conversation circle and I was stuck with some other people.
And this one guy just really enamored with me and started asking me more and more specific questions about when I shoot stuff,
like what I'm thinking and I was really flattered by it and like, well, you know, I just try, hey, at the end of the day, it's just stuff, you know?
And then he started asking about New Zealand and...
Oh, no!
And I went like, I've never been to New Zealand and he went like, yeah, you have.
You have an American accent.
So many clues.
And he went like, you've never been to New Zealand.
And I was like, no.
And then he looked and his face like contorted into anger.
I felt at me, anger at me, pointed at the giggling workaholic guys on the other side of the party.
Oh!
Those guys told me you were Peter Jackson, which is, I mean, I'm not usually a fan of practical joke.
That's a good one.
That's funny shit, man.
I will forever remember them.
Yeah.
The furniture thing, I'm like not handy at all also, but I have this thing, like, if I get started on something, Emily's not handy either, so we both are not handy.
I'm not going to hurt anyone.
No, no, no, I was going to, whatever, what's it, something rabbits? What are they called?
The people that come in?
Oh, the TaskRabbit.
The Jowls and the Chads of the World?
Yes, Jowl, Chad, Nick.
So I got this, we got this awesome desk and put it together and I was like, I'm going to fucking finish this today.
And I got so like worked up trying to finish this. This is completely true.
Emily walked in two hours later and I was completely naked, sweating from everywhere, just like punching a board.
Because I got so, I'm like, I'm physically bigger than it, I should be able to have power over it.
I did that too, I was trying to move a chair through a door and that's why I got in this big play with Eric.
Oh my god.
He was like, that's a two-man job, you need to take that door off, that's a two-man job.
And I was like, you know, I just got back.
That's like you're like, you know.
I was practically naked too, because you're just sweating and you just, I was like, one thing I can't control, it's stupid clothes.
Yeah.
Yeah, you're like, do you two-man job is like Marty McFly's chicken, you know.
Like if you hear two-man job.
God damn it, can I tell you, this is eating away at me.
Okay, I took the closet door off the hinges.
It was lighter and easier to get off.
It was a two-man job, the door that you said.
I figured out a different door I could take off that was not so much a two-man job.
But the principle of the thing is, you didn't believe in me.
You know what, I guess turns out coming clean is a one-man job.
I was literally about to say, he moved a very heavy door and put it back on its hinges perfectly, which is amazing.
But you know what, he figured out how to get around it.
And isn't that just as important?
He also figured out how to.
There's going to be the guy with the eye patch that's creepy and has like fish tanks full of heads and stuff.
You want to stick with the old, who am I?
I think I'm the old man that lost his leg.
I have something to say about the handyman, Nick and Joel.
I have something to tell you about all those nanny cams.
That's why we're getting free labor.
This whole thing, everyone's winning.
I was going to say, you guys were talking about feedback online and I've talked about how I always get racist stuff on Twitter.
And the thing that a lot of people say, I think I've mentioned it here, people say, go back to India.
And I always say, I've never been there, I'm not Indian.
Are you just wishing an awesome vacation for me?
Yeah.
But this one, I want to read this one tweet I got yesterday because I was tweeting about Paula Deen.
I'm sorry, why do they want you to go back to India?
Do they want your job that you're taking?
Are you welding cars?
If I say anything political, they'll be like, go back to India.
So yesterday I was tweeting about Paula Deen.
Well, just from my picture, they were like, all right, that's what an Indian guy looks like.
That is what it is. I'm very easily Google-able.
There's not many other Kumail Nanjianis who are from India to confuse them.
I'm just saying, if you're being racist, fucking be accurate.
Yeah.
But I got this one because I was tweeting about Paula Deen yesterday because I genuinely think she's a bad person.
I want to read this because it's the most densely racist thing that I've ever read.
It's so few letters. This is what he says.
I was tweeting about her being racist and he says,
unfortunate, but every race has rampant racism per meeting their cultures.
Now, this sentence is my favorite. This is what he says.
Indians are very racist to others.
I'll tell you why I love this.
One, he calls me Indian when I'm Pakistani.
So already, the first word, he's already racist.
Also, if the purest form of racism is attributing a characteristic to a race because there are certain race.
So him saying Indians are very racist to others, he's being purely racist while using the word racist.
It's like a mobius strip of racism.
He's the Charlie Kaufman of racism.
Yeah. It's so good.
I do think a lot of problems could be solved if we just decide whether it's true or not,
but let's just break the cycle and just say, okay, white people are more racist genetically.
I just stopped the conversation, just go, okay, all right, all right, we found the problem.
White people have a gene for racism and then we can all go,
because even if that's not true, we can use that as an excuse to just stop the cycle,
like the weird spiraling argument because the problem is like a 14-year-old white girl in line at the mall
that has some weird culture clash moment.
She's 14. She doesn't have the geopolitical fucking backbone and the experience to deal with all this stuff.
She's going to say something equally weird and stuff, but she's white.
So she's going to say something horribly racist in defense of her ego, which all 14-year-olds have.
So if we all just passed a law that said, okay, we decided, we found it, we found the racist gene.
White people have it.
And you're going to be like, that's our struggle, white people struggle.
Yeah, it's hard. It's hard to be racist.
We have to put our comment.
And you're going to be like, it's like your sickle selenemia. See, we're doing it again.
See, you get it. You get it, yes. It would all solve itself.
You know how you smell like curry? See, we can't help it.
Because you know what we're doing right now? We're doing almost the opposite with the diversity movement.
And please don't misinterpret this.
I think, for instance, NBC's diversity program, I've said many, many times.
I get so many emails from them and I never signed up for it.
I don't know how this happened.
It's okay. I think that pro-action in a climate where obviously there is a long-standing momentum of things not getting done.
I don't think that scientifically this thing's better than the other, but I think doing anything at all is better than doing nothing.
And so I want to be very clear about that.
I'm not one of these people that's like, uh, affirmative action is reverse racism.
It's dumb, dumb, dumb.
But I just want to point out one thing.
You're not saying affirmative action is dumb. You're saying that saying that is dumb.
Yes. Thank you for being here.
Thank you.
Can you just walk around with me?
I was going to say in a backpack, but then people would go,
Dan Harmon tells a Pakistani guy to be in his backpack.
Here's the transcript.
He gave me three wishes.
I wish for a thousand Pakistanis.
That's my white jean. I'm inscrubulous.
Because I can see the quote from that would be, Affirmative action ellipses, dumb, dumb, dumb.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course. No, no, no, no.
I'm not one of those libertarian kind of white guys that's like, like, uh, I don't think that
Spock-like logic in the face of a huge legacy and momentum of disproportionality in certain job spaces is the solution.
I think that some of the solutions are not going to be logical.
They're going to be like, everybody stand on this side of the boat, like to try to counteract some of this stuff.
So that being said, I just wanted to have what make the coy cutesy observation that I think the driving force behind the concept of diversity,
like the diversity movement, if you could call it that, like, is it me or is there like,
is there a way to interpret all of this, like a subtle implication is that only white people have the power to end racism?
Well, I mean, here's why that is sort of a thing that's implied is because white people,
because racism is all about, and all bigotry, it's about sort of power differentials, right?
And so if I, that's why, you know, like a black person being racist against a white person is not as harmful, really,
as a white person being racist against a black person because white people have power.
So because white people in America have the power, that's why it's usually sort of not the job of white people,
but they're the ones who I think in effect, the most change.
Yeah, exactly.
And right now, it's like a little in the absence of just say, yeah, maybe it's cartoonish.
I'm probably not being serious.
But honestly, if some scientist, if a scientist can pretend that Brontosaurus has existed,
and it's just like, like one scientist got like, I found the racism gene.
I found a gene in the Caucasoid bloodstream.
Yeah.
It just, it makes you just a tad more racist.
So you, in order to counteract it, you have to, you have to force your poor, poor racist white blood to be a little less racist.
It's a struggle that you have.
Yeah, I'm beating a dead horse, but anyway.
I think that's good.
I like that idea.
We should get one guy, have proof, and then his lab burns down and he dies.
And he's the sacrifice for ending racism.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This would be a great, like, yeah, Pelican brief kind of.
He's done it.
Thanks for coming to Harmontown.
All right.
Let's, let's, let's play.
What's this game?
Yeah, I'm excited.
Game quarter.
Aaron has a gene for game playing.
Can I bring a Spencer to the stage, please?
Spencer.
Brendan.
Hailing from the city near Los Angeles.
Spencer's favorite time is bedtime.
What?
That timing was perfect.
It was amazing.
All right.
So we're going to play, we're going to play a little game.
It's going to be Dan against Kumail.
And it's not necessary to this game, but it may enhance it.
Can I have Adam Goldberg come to the stage?
Wait, his brother is going to enhance something?
Controversial figure, Adam Goldberg.
Now I've heard everything.
How's it going?
How do you do it, Adam?
Thank you.
Thank you, Adam.
I always want to not, you know, and then you say something nice.
I'm like, all right, thanks.
So this last week was Spencer's first week as your assistant.
All right, yeah.
Which I know.
And he's amazing.
He's great.
Yeah, I've heard from both sides that it's going really well.
Spencer's having a great time and Spencer's doing great.
Spencer sits in the writer's room and it stares at me like a falcon.
And at one point I needed to sit down two times as this happened.
Yeah, two.
Because I'm standing there talking to the writers.
A huge writing staff this year.
And I was like, there's no chair.
And I kind of became conscious of my need for my fat butt to be supported by something.
And this Viking man bounded up with a heavy chair and plopped it down.
The writers were really impressed.
They applauded.
Yeah, they did.
That's assisting someone when you get applause for it.
So it sounds like Spencer knows you very well and is anticipating your whims.
But how well do you know Spencer?
We're going to play a little game.
No.
We're in my world to mount.
We're going to play a little.
And Adam, for those of you who don't know, if you're just listening to this podcast for the first time,
or if you're here from Variety or The Hollywood Reporter,
Adam Goldberg is a controversial, Harmontown audience member, tenacious...
Lightning Rod.
Lightning Rod is weird because it's not the Rod's fault that it's happening.
The Rod is not bringing it upon itself.
The man I really don't like when other men refer to me as the Rod.
Whatever.
So we're going to...
We're going to play a little game called Spencer or Adam.
Oh, boy.
All right.
I will just say there was a guy when we were handing out cupcakes.
There was a guy that was so obviously an entertainment blogger that had never been here before.
There was this guy that just had this look.
I'm really curious if he was or if he's just...
Oh, tonight?
Yeah.
It just looks so out of place.
It was so like just camping out here.
Like, well...
Hey, Superman.
That's something I like.
Harmontown.
All right.
Okay.
So this is...
I asked both Spencer and Adam the same series of questions.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to present a question and the answer.
And Camille and Dan, you're going to say if it's Spencer or if it's Adam.
This feels like it should be the easiest game of all time.
But I bet it's not going to be.
We'll see.
All right.
So let's go ahead and begin.
The game will be done when it feels right for it to be over.
We're out here then.
Adam and Spencer try to contain yourselves.
Yeah.
Why are we necessary for this?
Like to be...
Well, as a visual.
So people can see Adam or Spencer.
Visual for the podcast.
For the Vanna White.
For the live audience.
Let's read Spencer quotes and then have it be Spencer or Spencer.
What?
All right.
I'll be back.
I'll be back on half hour.
I need the visual.
Thank you for...
Okay.
Let's go ahead and begin.
And it's not timed.
You guys can talk it out and then give me your final answer.
We're fighting against each other.
Okay.
First question.
When asked, what is your biggest fear?
Who said, be entrapped underground for reals?
Biggest fear.
I think, I know.
My guess would be Spencer.
Because it sounds like something Spencer would say also.
Because I truly believe Adam is without fear.
That's not a compliment.
Sociopaths have no fear.
Lighten in strikes again.
I mean, I agree, absolutely.
I know that Spencer uses that colloquial apostrophe instead of a G kind of talking.
The idea that he typed it is very charming.
All right.
Be entrapped underground for reals.
He does have falcony qualities.
You're right.
There's something very graceful about you.
Thank you.
Yeah.
That is a compliment.
The correct answer was actually Adam.
No, you read a how-to guide on how to present as human.
Humans die, right?
I live in my castle forever, but that one won't get them.
All right.
He's a worthier adversary than we had anticipated.
Okay.
Next question.
I can feel my V's and W's sometimes.
When asked to describe an embarrassing moment from his childhood, who said,
I called a lady fat, she was fat.
When asked to describe an embarrassing moment from his childhood,
who said I called a lady fat, she was fat.
Again, my guess would be Spencer.
Me too, yeah.
Because Adam clearly does not get embarrassed.
No, she was fat.
No, no.
What's going on?
What's your guess?
No, no.
He's fucking.
Am I messing with you?
That is correct.
It was Spencer.
I'm batting 100 so far.
Next question.
When asked, you can eat three things for the rest of your life.
What are they?
Who said potatoes, rice.
And the souls of the unsullied.
Adam Goldberg.
Okay, I'm going to give you.
I'm sorry.
Could you read those?
Half bread.
The three things were potatoes, rice, pizza.
Who, for the rest of his life, will only eat potatoes, rice, pizza.
Well, I mean, I'm going to go Spencer again because I know Adam's response to that question
would be more complicated.
I think Adam would say, well, I have a rare form of anemia that requires that I have insulin.
He would, I don't know, something that would be circuitous.
Of all the things you accuse me of, diabetes.
I didn't mean to.
It's on the long list, but I did not see diabetes.
I just assumed your diet is complicated or that even if it wasn't, like that you would,
yeah, I could see Spencer as being a simple, simple child who just wants to bolt up.
You know what?
I feel like.
First of all, who doesn't?
But I feel like part of Spencer's appeal is that he can sort of, I really feel like there's
something about you that is above us, but that's a compliment, but also your ability
to sort of connect with regular normal humans.
And this is all a compliment, by the way.
You once said that you could have a religion, Spencer.
So I would go with Spencer, too.
That is correct.
It was Spencer.
What would your answer have been, Adam?
I was considering a real answer about how you can make a lot of cuisine with the same
three foods.
Exactly.
Can you tell us the other answers?
You can read my joke answer.
Adam said dwindling rapidly.
Which fits the context of the question.
Rewind the podcast and put my answer in the question together.
It's pretty funny.
I nailed it.
Check that out.
Rewind.
Sorry that laughed privately.
Adam has all this overlap with Spencer.
I would say they're both above.
Certainly.
I don't know what the difference is, but Adam's jokes, they rhythmically, they land on the
downbeat.
And then everyone's like, you can't dance to it.
It's like trying to watch Edward Scissorhands shake hands.
He doesn't have the tools.
But when you listen to anything that he says, if you listen to that interview that he did
with the podcast cast and stuff like that, Adam's like, he's no...
I'm out of sync with this plane of existence.
Okay, next question.
Can I ask, why were you counting?
What was going on?
I was trying to get to the rhythm.
I did think it would involve him slowing himself down in some unnatural way.
Which is unfair.
It was very appealing for some reason.
I don't know why.
I liked it.
All right.
Next question.
How about we got to go into Adam's brain and slide out those 2001...
I'm sorry, I can't do that, Dan.
Thanks for doing this, Adam.
All right.
Next, I asked both gentlemen, you were just given a yacht.
What do you name it?
This was good, Aaron.
You did good.
Oh, you know how much I need that.
Well, you know how much I never give people what they need.
The more they need it, the more I don't want to give it to them.
So I really, you know, I really feel you did a good job of this game.
This game has no winners.
It's becoming clear that this game just has a loser and it's not anyone who's playing.
I thought by the start of that sentence.
No, you're not playing.
She is talking about you.
I'm joking.
No.
They give you a TV show.
That's touching my heart.
That accent was on the downbeat.
No, Adam's answers are great.
I'm not...
Great, Adam's a very smart man.
Who said when asked what he would name his yacht?
I love this.
Carl Rove.
When asked what he would name his yacht,
who said Carl Rove?
I think that Spencer knows who Carl Rove is, but I don't think he cares.
I think Adam maybe would be the one to try to make some point with naming his yacht.
Ditto.
I feel like we're thinking exactly the same on all of these.
Can you tell us what the other answer was?
I can't do that.
The other answer was the USS Hubris.
The USS Hubris.
I mean, that's what I'd named mine, by the way.
So whoever said that should really be proud of themselves.
I'm guessing you're Hubris and he's Rove.
Correct.
Adam.
So what were the final...
We both thought that Carl Rove would be Adam.
That was Carl Rove was Spencer.
Wow.
It's like the same title.
As USS Hubris.
Oh, it's just like a rich guy's name.
Yeah, yeah.
It's like a symbol of power and excess over others.
Which is what a yacht is.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
It's like, hey, you should come out to Carl Rove.
It's funny.
Let's go get drunk on Carl Rove.
Yeah, it's peace chained on the third dock or whatever.
I don't have Carl Rove.
Next question.
We're going to take Carl Rove out and do some E.
Con Kanye's coming.
It's a great name.
Yeah, New Year's Eve. Let's go inside Carl Rove and...
Alright, next question.
Fuck.
Let him finish.
Alright, continue.
I asked both gentlemen,
if you could date any celebrity, who would it be and why?
Who said Jake Gyllenhaal?
It would prove a theory of mine.
I mean, that's gotta be Adam.
Yeah, for sure.
And again, it's really funny.
It's very funny.
But it's funny because she read it.
No, well...
I was reading the answer.
No, I know. I'm saying it's great.
But it's funny in print.
Yeah, it's great.
You are correct. That was Adam.
Adam over there.
Adam, what is your theory?
Jake Gyllenhaal is gay.
I like that in your head,
just him being gay is enough
for him to want to have sex with you.
Well, no.
You gotta get tired of people at some point.
The question is, if you could...
What was it, date or marry, right?
Well, in either case, the question grants the
answerer god power.
So, I think the funny thing is
that he would waste that power.
To be right about one thing about a celebrity.
There were more questions about dating.
I mean, Aaron made the quiz, and it's very emotional.
It just makes you romantic and emotional,
and me slurring those words.
That is true.
He doesn't want to use the power to have sex
with someone he wants to have sex with.
He wants to prove he's gay.
Gotcha.
He was a college friend, Steve, and go,
told ya.
I would love it so much if this actually happened
in real life.
It would be the greatest day of my life,
of your life.
And Jake's life.
The best pilot in the world, single-camera pilot,
would be Adam Goldberg, doing a reboot
of The Greatest American Hero,
where Adam Goldberg gets the super suit.
He's just a superhero, but he doesn't know.
He just has these powers, and they're just
watching how he would use them.
I'll see.
It would be kind of awesome that he rescued you,
but then also like...
Yeah, sorry.
No, that was the suit.
You're feeling the suit.
That's the suit.
I asked both Adam and Spencer
if you could be any animal in the world
for 24 hours.
24?
Which animal would you be
and why?
Who said some sort of a cool bird
or jungle cat?
Those are like...
That's a wide response.
Can I ask real quick
who Spencer wanted to have sex with?
What was his response?
I want to know too.
Well, he passed.
Why?
Because I just looked at this e-mail
and just shout out a bunch of answers.
He also sent me an e-mail saying
if this is some sort of secret dating thing,
I'm not into it.
I'm on to you.
You didn't tell him why
and you were asking him this question.
I said I'm comfortable and can you answer these questions?
Yeah, I thought that was a cover.
Like I was going to scour the audience
like, this look good to you?
You'd never do anything like that.
Anyone who listens to your podcast knows
you'd never play a matchmaker or anything.
That'd be weird.
I would say Jungle Cat or Bird.
I would say it's Spencer
because first I said
you have falcony qualities about you
and also jungle cat qualities about you.
And also while we were all doing
like the Spencer voice,
he in the Spencer voice said
jungle cat or bird.
He knows it's Spencer
and I think, wow.
Unfortunately, I agree too
as I have every time with Camilla.
You're correct. That was Spencer.
Adam said, does the animal die?
I could fit a bird day into my schedule.
Oh.
I thought Spencer's answer would be a human being.
Or something like how many hit dice does it have?
Yeah.
I know how many hit dice it has.
And I know how much damage my katana does.
Any ladies in the audience
get aroused when they heard the dice line?
Yup.
Resounding yup.
Back to Minneapolis.
Don't you worry Spencer, I'll get you married.
I said I'd have none of this.
Spencer, you could parlay your notoriety
into so much...
Specifically you and no one else
might think that.
No. You have no idea.
You have like a...
Oh my God, so many of them.
But he'd have to not be himself.
I know. That's what's great.
He'd have to go from being a Spencer
that was adored by people
to he'd have to cross that all-important line
to being a guy that...
What kind of creep does this?
And the answer is many.
Oh, so you enjoy watching me do that thing?
Well...
Any way to get some pussy out of this?
It's a hard line
for a gentleman to cross.
But it's also, here's the thing,
it's not just she's getting something out of it too.
She's getting to have sex with Spencer.
It goes both ways.
I'm taking advantage of them.
But the same thing that's making him adorable
makes it hard to talk to...
People are adoring the fact that
finally on display is a personality
that's very resonant,
which is someone who doesn't normally...
You know, doesn't do that fucking tango
in a one-on-one interaction.
My theory is that Spencer is secretly dating
someone famous like Paul Abdul.
I'd like to live
in how coomail perceives me.
You call it men?
I'd shoot lasers and
ship kittens.
And they'd still be enjoyable.
I'd say I'd get it,
because I watch the documentary footage,
so I've seen footage
of you interacting with women
after shows on tour.
Did you see them introducing me to their boyfriends?
Uh...
No, no.
That's good editing.
I've seen a handful of cute girls
get you to sign stuff
and be just as nervous as you are,
and like kind of lingering
and hanging out.
The fratty part of
my brain, you know, wants to go like
oh, hit on her!
But it's like...
Then you wouldn't be Spencer.
And she also is like, you're not...
Yeah, I don't know.
I have a weird love-hate relationship
with this idea.
You know...
That's the puss.
I, for one, am totally
over it.
You're over what?
I'm over the matchmaking for Spencer,
because he's punished me even when I'm not asking for it.
It's a big inner friendship.
Why don't you try and...
help Adam?
I could fit a bird day into my schedule.
That was great.
I also don't think it's like
I don't think Spencer necessarily
needs a girlfriend.
I think if someone's autonomous and happy,
they don't need to be with anybody.
Everybody likes to have sex.
Well, I think that Spencer has sex.
You're right.
I think the Spencer-ness of him
would not be there.
He's right next to you.
I'm barely autonomous or happy.
Only a few more questions,
if not one or two.
We're having a good time up here.
That's the four of us.
I'm having a good time.
If there were a holiday in your honor,
what would it celebrate?
Who said
courage?
If there were a holiday in your honor,
what would it celebrate?
Who said courage?
Also the name of my firstborn.
I'll just go Adam,
because...
I think he...
You see yourself as very brave, I think.
Not that you're not.
You said he doesn't have fear.
You were without fear, yeah.
Look when he tolerates up here.
Yeah, I know, it's great.
In fact, said my birth.
It was Spencer who said courage.
Can I explain my answer?
At some point I was like,
I should answer things that people might think
Adam would say.
Wish I said courage.
When I wrote my birth, I was trying to write
an answer Spencer might say.
I was going to write myself.
And then I changed it to courage.
This is amazing.
You guys are trying to be each other,
and very accurate at it.
You should have read the whole questionnaire.
When asked what punctuation mark
best describes your personality,
who said an ellipsis,
and who said an enterobang?
When asked
what punctuation mark
best describes your personality?
Enterobang.
I heard all that, I just don't want an enterobang.
It's an exclamation mark.
How is this happening?
It's alternating question marks
and exclamation marks.
Can it be one pairing of them?
Is that still an enterobang?
Yeah, you see it a lot on
line writing.
It's not like a proper...
But it's not like Beatle Bailey swearing.
That is called growlix.
Those weird like symbols,
those are called growlix.
Do you listen to Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me?
That's like an answer on that.
Growlixes?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You can check out Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me on...
Tuesday nights at 9.
Who said ellipsis,
and who said enterobang?
Well, now the jig is up.
We got one guy doing an impression of the other guy.
I don't know.
I don't know if that's true.
Just...
I'll say that
Spencer did the enterobang.
No, no, no.
I mean, if he was going to answer honestly,
I guess he'd be an ellipsis.
Spencer.
Spencer would be an ellipsis.
It's thoughtful and reserved.
Timing is king for Spencer.
It's very, very restrained.
Yeah.
Adam, as we know, is just...
Everyone's reaction to him is an enterobang.
He's up on stage again.
Huh?
He's like Marmaduke.
Can I say something?
A large success movie?
That was great.
I made a Marmaduke movie.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know what? I'm sorry, this is not going to plan the podcast
or even the people here, but the fact that your toenails
exactly match that guy's shoe color
is I cannot...
I'm like staring...
at your toes.
Do you guys know each other? Do you guys know each other?
Isn't that crazy? Because it's not a standard color.
Is that cyan?
It's like a fuchsia... what is it?
Turquoise.
That's right.
I describe stuff for a living.
I mean, I don't make a living out of it.
Speaking of which...
All right, so I'll say enterobang is...
You said he's ellipsis.
Yeah.
That's the accurate, and I'll say the same thing.
They're trying to be each other.
Well, you're right.
Spencer was ellipsis, and Adam was enterobang.
Final question.
We're tied, I'm assuming.
You are.
We'll go separate ways.
You've got to split.
I'm going to double this question.
You'll see what I mean in a second.
And then you'll have a better suggestion
for how to word what I just said.
It'll be like his...
You'll have to rewind to hear the joke from his...
Remember the question? Go ahead.
I do.
I'm distracted by this.
All right, well, this...
You each are going to get
two private personal questions.
What are they?
No, you don't get to give her a question.
I thought that her question was going to be
what are the questions, and then your answers
are going to be questions.
Enterobang?
We're going to actually...
I'm sorry, I take that.
We're going to do a lightning round
of four questions.
And you will just individually say
Spencer or Adam.
So you'll give him one that will be directed to me
and then to him and then to him.
Okay, all right.
First question, Camille.
Who said when asked if a movie is made of your life
and you could choose the actor
and why?
Who said Family Ties era Michael J. Fox?
I will say that's Adam.
That is correct.
Maybe really surprising that Spencer said that.
I saw you smirking.
That's a good answer.
Dan, when asked if you were a spy,
what would your alias be?
Who said Jimmy Bluffet?
Spencer.
That is incorrect.
I knew he was slapping his knee
at how hilarious Jimmy Bluffet was.
That feels like tickling to me.
I always laugh even though it's no good.
Camille, when asked
what was your nickname growing up,
who said Lumpy?
Who said Lumpy?
Come on.
Lumpy?
Who said Lumpy?
Who's nickname was Lumpy?
When asked, what was your nickname growing up?
I know, what the fuck?
This is not...
Oh, God.
Spencer.
That is correct.
Wait, I'm not the asshole.
It's an Ed Ed Nettie reference.
Remember what?
It's an Ed Ed Nettie.
Dan.
Mine was Cumpail.
Jesus Christ.
Holy shit.
I don't think I've ever...
Cumpail.
One genius kid.
Yeah, I'm sure that guy designs for Apple now.
Yeah, that guy's a genius.
We get him on the cancer thing.
We'll figure it out.
Instead, he's just coming up with amazing
hurtful nicknames.
I tried to spin it too.
I was like, oh, that means when I come,
I fill up a pail.
So that's good.
And they'd be like,
no, it means you are a pail of Cump.
All right.
I think it means you turned everyone on.
I tried to, I tried to spin it that way.
Oh, boy.
All right, Dan.
Final question.
When asked, how do you feel about Dan?
Who said
Dan Harmon is a genius
and I will die defending his vision?
Protecting.
Unless Mitch Hurwitz calls.
Who said Dan Harmon is a genius
and I will die defending his vision
unless Mitch Hurwitz calls?
I mean, that was Adam
or Spencer imitating Adam.
The other person said,
really?
Oh, okay.
Yeah, Adam, that was Adam.
You are correct.
The winner of the game is Cumae.
Thank you, Adam.
Thank you for participating in this game.
Adam may need to stay
because we have to play the new dragons
and we need a bull red.
I played twice.
I had a really good time.
Congratulations, Cumpale. That was wonderful.
You started this
with five consecutive insults
that were really funny
I thought even the hurtful ones
were funny.
Okay, 12 consecutive funny insults.
Yep, thank you.
So I won a game.
Alright, let's play some Dungeons & Dragons.
Yeah, let's make a lightning round.
Oh, wow, you have the music and everything.
I didn't expect that.
Oh, you're not ready?
Well, I mean...
Should we talk about race for a second?
I got it. I got it.
I want to say I'm just making fun of you
because it's fun.
I don't mean to be hurtful.
The last couple weeks
and I always bring this up myself
but I have these moments when I'm sitting around
and sometimes I'm actually crying
when I'm saying to the air and I'm like,
I just want people to like me
and it just fucking hurts.
I fucked up again.
I did it again. I said some shit
and then we were reading in variety headlines
and it's like everyone hates me.
I think of Adam Goldberg.
How does he do it?
There's no point where Adam has ever gone
like, you know what, fuck this.
Fuck this and storm down.
It's like a roast. It's from a place of...
Uh...
You know.
Don't make me finish it.
It's from a place of institutionalized
racism and...
Yeah.
I am fine with it coming from on the stage.
For all the people on theharmontown.com form
and Reddit,
backslashharmontown.
Who just like me.
I'd like to take this opportunity to tell you
have a great life.
Stay away from fires.
Stay away from bands that are near fires.
I'm having a great out here.
I'm loving it. I'm loving life.
Alright.
When we last met,
Rose had just finished mastering
the basics of their seasonal armlets.
And after discussing their
new abilities, the gang decided
to free Sharpie's father from the demon
occupied yellow camp.
Chris de Burgh became invisible
and then attacked one of the demonic
taskmasters and Mulraine put a sack
on top of a bedroll.
And then nothing else
happened.
I stacked dice for a little while
and didn't really pay attention
to the topics.
That's all.
Alright.
Spencer everyone.
You can't even make people clap
for Spencer.
Spencer can't even make people clap.
He can't.
Does nobody said Spencer everyone?
I was wondering what he said.
Everyone was like, we love Spencer
but Adam says it.
Something as basic as
Deborah Kadevra.
The rabbit
falls out the bottom of the hat
and dies.
Yeah, but where did the hat come from?
Ladies and gentlemen, put your hands together
for a hundred...
Everyone was like, I don't know what to do.
We love Spencer.
My hands are tied
from applauding.
I made the executive decision
to have...
Because you're controlling, you're playing Quark.
You're playing Jeff Davis' character, Aaron.
And then...
Adam is playing Mulraine.
Alright.
I don't know, it just made sense to me.
So last week, Kumail, my dad was playing
your character and he used your ability
to turn invisible and stab the crap out
of a demon.
You have a dad?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That is amazing.
In my head, there was
like a truck driving of melons
and it fell off and then you came out of it.
That's what I tell people, yeah.
In that Terminator pose?
Yeah. Like fully formed.
You just stood up naked and
then went into the nearest like LL Bean
and grabbed the vinyl jacket.
And then went to an Apple store.
Yeah, I have a dad.
I need your boots,
your jacket, and your iPad.
Yeah.
Yep.
Anyone want to do stuff?
Do you need more explanations?
Are we fighting? I'm sorry.
We're still fighting.
Yeah, when we last met,
you stabbed a demon.
That kicked off the fighting
and then people kind of...
You talked about stuff right, Aaron,
and Jeff came to an understanding.
Right?
I don't know, I was stacking dice.
Sure, we came to an understanding.
Come on, let's play the shit out of D&D.
Let's just start attacking everything.
Let's just start out...
Two males turn last.
Alright, I'll become...
Oh, okay.
Casting offensive spells at everything.
Ray Scorching Ray is coming up.
I apologize for his offensive spells.
He didn't mean them.
Scorching Ray, I'm the nearest enemy.
Make him happy this week.
I'm having a great time.
Forgive us for not knowing
when that's the case.
I'm really hard to read.
I'm upset.
Anyway.
That happened.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Casting your arms in a magical manner.
You lose 4th several bolts of fiery bolts.
Dealing 17 damage to the lead demon.
Nice.
That's how you do it.
The demon twists around
and surveying Chris de Burghh,
who just stabbed him in the back.
He flips about and smacks you
with his whip,
and at the end of it,
just kind of the handle of his whip.
Kind of like a pistol whip.
Like a whip whip.
Yeah.
And he hits.
Dealing 3 damage.
It happens.
That sounds about right.
Putting it at Mulraine.
No, Quark's turn.
Mulraine, may we have a moment?
Absolutely, Quark.
The rule of three is expired.
You're now just kicking the corpse.
My expectation is Adam Goldberg.
Alright, alright, I get it.
Hey, how about Lady...
Hey, have you said Lady and Red yet?
No, I haven't said it yet.
Okay, you got 14 more.
See, being mean back doesn't work.
Oh, that rabbit...
I don't think they understood that you were trying to be mean.
I thought that was part of the issue.
Fair enough.
Mulraine.
This is hard for me to say,
but I'd like to have a moment.
I heard it the first time.
You're so clever.
Don't get shitty to her.
Just be shitty to me.
I'm being shitty to his character.
Welcome to the show, Hollywood Reporter.
I hope you all die in a fire.
Mulraine, I've written you this letter
on this water skin.
It explains how
I've been in awe of you
our entire adventure.
And it also explains
this deep connection
that I believe we have, and I want us to
form an alliance
if that's possible.
If you'll have me.
Mulraine considers this.
Mulraine remembers coming back
to the woods several planes ago
and finding you
hip deep inside her most
beloved friend, Coco.
And then says,
Why not, buddy?
I'm only good at one thing.
No, that's it. You can't.
You can't counter my internal monologue.
Mulraine has a grin on her face and says,
You're my best friend ever.
No.
Adventure.
They say you're doing my face.
No, I was doing what the character
of my face is.
Alright, alright. Well, I give you this water skin.
And then
I see that
Quark has a power bracelet?
Yeah, it increases his strength.
Okay, I put on my little power bracelet.
Okay.
And I see that I have
ghost sound.
Yes.
Can I throw the ghost sound
on the other side of the...
Can you blame it on the dog?
How does...
I throw the ghost sound and then
take my knives
and throw them at the bad guy.
You can't do both. You have to pick one.
Alright, I'll throw my knives.
Alright.
But I'm making the ghost sound in my heart.
In your heart?
Is that like a ventriloquism thing?
Is that what the ghost sound is?
You can throw your voice.
It's a minor sound based illusion.
So you can make like a dog barking
or like a rustling or twig snapping.
With the ghost sound in your heart
you lose 4th a dagger from your pack.
And it hits.
Critically so.
Ha ha ha!
And deals.
That's 3 plus
7 damage.
Alright.
I wink at Mulrainee as to say
this is the beginning. This is the new beginning.
Alright. Yeah, use your strength
to throw knives. I'm going to duck in there.
Get on the other side of a Christopher
and just start slashing at it with my sword.
The fact that I'm distracting the demon
will allow you to sneak attack it
and get some shots in.
I mean, be careful.
Great. No, no. I got your back, buddy.
Hey, what's your attack bonus room?
My, uh, I am at
plus 8. 1 to 8 crit is
times 3.
That's pretty good, but not enough to hit, unfortunately.
You manage to menace the demon
and he's kind of occupied touching your blows.
You won't defeat the Four Seasons so easily.
The Four Seasons so easily.
If you talk, it gives away your position.
No, it's like, I'm drawing attention to you
so you can stab him in the back.
Oh, great. Yeah, of course. Alright, so
while he is sacrificing himself
very courageously
I take out
what's my strongest weapon
that I have? A poison dagger?
Yeah, probably that.
Oh, yeah. I go town.
I'm like
puncturing lungs and shit.
Going to town
puncturing lungs and shit
you plunge your blade
deep into the demonic heart of the demon.
That's what they have.
Dealing
10 damage.
Alright. The demon clutches
his demon heart and falls to the ground
before dissolving
into a black powder. And I point to him
the way they do in basketball
to whoever passed the
assist.
Could have been you, Quark. Could have been you.
You're standing amongst like a bunch of
chained slaves at this point. They look at you
now that you've slain. But wait, did we kill all the enemies?
You killed this enemy in this
area right now. There's some enemies still around
but they're going to take a bit to get to you
in the brief moment.
Oh, let's free some slaves.
They start cheering and they're like, yeah,
down with the demons.
That's what we're all about.
I cast slave free.
Headline
four score and
I was also going to go with
an Abraham thing, yeah.
That's the first thing you think of.
I'd hope so.
When you learned that Abraham
when you're like a kid, kid, kid
would be like fifth grade
and they would say Abraham Lincoln freed the slaves.
Did you think they were in a container and he just opened it?
Yeah.
We knew what Abraham Lincoln looked like
because you see him in the outfit.
I really would picture him like
I thought it was like my mom would be like, he freed the slaves
and you're a kid, you don't know
anything to do with a document that he signed.
You picture this big
tell skinny guy dressed in this funny hat
and that he like actually went.
He unlocked the chains.
Think of night
and people are like, wait, is that the president?
Come on guys, get out of here.
We caught us a war to win.
I was like
what is a slave?
We're a very enlightened society.
Pakistan doesn't have a history of slavery
so not a big deal.
Not a big deal at all.
I mean presently, yeah
we're doing horrible stuff
If you have a Google alert for Pakistan
it's the saddest
saddest thing every day.
Maybe one day you guys will have slaves.
I hope so.
We're at Sharpie but let's ask if any of these guys know where your father is.
That's why we came back here.
First we want to free him because there's other monsters here
so let's capitalize on our action.
I'm not giving them my bow
but I could give one of them my sword if he looks healthy enough to fight.
Can we sort of do the Daenerys thing
where we free him and you're like
you don't have to fight for us.
That's definitely the angle we're going to play.
I mean it'd be real cool if you did.
I mean we did free you.
But your freedom is yours.
Let's do it.
Yeah, you begin setting to work
unlocking the binds on these slave guys
but
as you free like
about three or four
you hear like a slithering from behind
like you might be approached
by more people pretty soon.
You guys free the other slaves
we're going to do with this.
Sounds like a good plan Quirk.
Solid plan.
We don't command them to do it.
If you want to free them you can.
We'll pay you to free the other slaves.
I kind of like to go headstrong
towards the noise.
Okay whirling around
you see a large pit in kind of
the center of camp it seems kind of
freshly dug and
there's like a bubbling slimy sound
as like several of these
slimy humanoid creatures
pour out of the hole and slithers
towards you slowly like slugs.
Well maybe
are you guys good guys or bad guys?
They go
oh
bad guys
They form a wall of oozing flesh.
Jeez.
Yeah it's gross.
What's the wall blocking?
It's blocking the pit that they came out of.
I mean no one wants to go there.
It's like flies on shit
and they're like guys don't get up.
We're going to go the other way anyway.
You know
you walk past a turret and the flies are like
whoa!
Guys really stay put.
You're safe.
That is the one place you're safe.
No one's going to squat you.
The turret may.
They're still coming towards you.
The wall is coming.
It's a wall composed of several individuals
that are kind of like oozing together
like they don't.
I take both of my torches
and I like them
and I start going back and forth
but facing them
just to keep them away.
Drawing on your religious knowledge
you realize that demons are typically
resistant to fire.
Great so they don't want to
oh.
Alright.
I want to use my amulet of spring
to summon my thorny vine armor
which it says I can command
to stop protecting me
and lash out to entangle a foe.
So I want to do that immediately.
Summoning forth
the season's vine.
Amulet of spring
birth of rebirth
thorny armor
search.
The vines burst forth
from the ground and wrap themselves around
your arm before launching off said
arm towards the wall of flesh
composed of the many oozy
humanoid demon things.
I'll see Charlie Sheen do that.
He couldn't string together that sentence.
It begins
entangling the foes
and they seem to have their forward momentum halted.
It'll take them a while
but they seem like they might be able to free themselves
but it buys you valuable time.
Alright.
Let's tune into it next week.
Oh is that it? That's good control.
That's it. That's 10 o'clock.
Yeah 5-2.
I'm sorry I fucked it up.
Oh no it's okay.
Why not to end everybody say
Yay Dan!
Yay Adam!
Yay Spencer! Thank you Kumail.
Thank you Dan for controlling.
Let's thank Mars Argo for coming by.
Mars Argo, Titanic Sinclair and Mars Argo.
Thank you Nerd Melt.
Everyone be nice to each other.
Comment on each other's work
positively.
Or don't but use your pain
to create more happiness.
That's all that's required.
Thank you.